British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 6: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills.
Lesson 3: B1 Review, Projects and Integrated Skills: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a reading task about education.
Today you will practise language connected to education.
Target language: conditionals 0/1/2.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for b1 review, projects and integrated skills. You will learn useful language connected to education and practise conditionals 0/1/2. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.